Throughout this course, we always worked with the mongo shell for a good reason because it's a neutral
instrument which we can use to practice the different aspects of mongodb, the different operations you
can execute and all that stuff in a way that is well independent from the application you're building,
no matter if you're building a python, a C++ or a javascript nodejs application,
you can work with the mongo shell to practice mongodb.
Now obviously it's important for you to be able to transition from the knowledge you learned here with the
shell to your drivers and therefore in this module, I will show you how to generally find out how to
use the drivers for the different languages you might be using for your application
and we will actually work on an entire project built with javascript and nodejs and implement the
official mongodb driver there so that you can see how that would work, how you then connect to
your mongodb instance and how you then well write operations or execute operations from inside
your
in this case, javascript application.
Now important for this module,
we will build an application with react,
node and mongodb
but even if you're not a nodejs or react developer, you should still go through this module because
you'll still be able to follow along and understand the general philosophy behind connecting mongodb
to an application and you'll still be able to understand how you use a driver with mongodb,
so you'll still get all the important information out of this module.
So in this module, I'll show you how shell commands can be translated to driver commands and how you
find out how to use the driver of your choice.
I will also show you how you can then connect to mongodb servers from inside your driver and we'll
use mongodb
atlas for this in this module
and I will also show you how to perform crud operations from inside your driver,
so from inside the application you are building via the driver
I should say. That is what's inside the module,
so with that let's get started.